---
title:  "Cryo-em Poland"
layout: post
headerImage: false
tag:
- science
category: blog
---

In Poland, right now, we have to cryo-em microscopes. In Kraków and in Warsaw.

- Glacios <https://cent.uw.edu.pl/en/core-facilities/transmission-electron-microscopy-core-facility/>
- Titan Krio <https://synchrotron.uj.edu.pl/cryo-em>

**Sample Screening and Data Acquisition for Single Particle Analysis Made Easy**
The new Thermo Scientific™ Glacios™ Cryo Transmission Electron Microscope (Cryo-TEM) delivers a complete and affordable Cryo-EM solution to a broad range of scientists. It features 200 kV XFEG optics, the industry-leading Autoloader (cryogenic sample manipulation robot) and the same innovative automation for ease of use as on the Krios G3i Cryo-TEM. The Glacios Cryo-TEM bundles all this into a small footprint that simplifies installation.

The designed-in connectivity ensures a robust and contamination-free pathway throughout the entire workflow, from sample preparation and optimization to image acquisition and data processing. The Glacios Cryo-TEM can used in a single particle analysis (SPA) workflow for pre-screening of sample quality before transferring to the Krios Cryo-TEM for ultimate-resolution SPA data acquisition. Furthermore the Glacios Cryo-TEM can also be configured with a Direct Electron Detector and/or Volta Phase Plate to be a complete standalone SPA data acquisition solution.

**Krios G3i Cryo-TEM **

Our newest Cryo-TEM enables life science researchers to unravel life at the molecular level. Its highly stable 300 kV TEM platform and industry-leading Autoloader (cryogenic sample manipulation robot) are designed for automated applications, such as single particle analysis (SPA) and cryo-tomography. Designed-in connectivity ensures a robust and risk-free pathway throughout the entire workflow, from sample preparation and optimization to image acquisition and data processing.

Read more about the microscopes at <https://www.fei.com/products/tem/>
